You say you want a high value, healthy,
masculine man, but are you attracting
one? You always end up with men who
simply leave your heart starved, who are
giving you the bare minimum, and you're
wondering, "What do other girls do
differently? What do they do that I
don't?" Hi guys, welcome back to my
channel. My name is Mika and today we
are going to talk about how you can
attract a healthy high value masculine
man. Let's get into this. First of all,
you need to know what is a healthy
masculine high value man. Without
knowing what exactly you want, what
you're looking for, you can't attract
it. So the thing is that a high value
man has actually nothing to do with
money, being successful, looking great,
having a good body, or being powerful
and ambitious. Those are bonuses that
can help. Yes, definitely. But they do
not define a high value masculine
healthy man. A true high value man is
first of all emotionally mature. He is
deeply grounded and he values honor more
than his ego. He is the type of man who
is consistent in his words and in his
actions. He is the type of man who can
take accountability when things have
gone wrong. who can take accountability
also for his emotions and who can
provide that safe space for you and your
emotions. He is the type of man who is
not running away when you feel
emotional, when you're angry, when
you're sad, when you are going through
your faces. He is the one that can hold
space for you. He is the type of man who
has a direction in life and who protects
that direction in life over everything
and he definitely does not get
threatened by your life direction. He
only actually wants to support you with
your ambitions. He wants to see you
drive, be successful, be the best
version of yourself. Not because he
doesn't want to take care of you, but
because he wants to truly see you
thriving and be the most successful,
most authentic version of you in order
for you to to become a power couple. He
is the type of man that understands when
his woman is driving, he is driving.
When his woman is amazing, is doing
well, it only means that he is doing
even better. He understands the true
value of a woman being in his life. He
is the type of man who wants to give and
not only take and he is the type of man
who wants to protect your peace and he
would never ever want to take away from
your freedom. He wants to add value to
your life. But also be aware, he is not
that type of guy who would say and do
everything and anything to make you
happy. Who would give up his whole life
in order to make you happy, in order to
be liked by you, in order to be approved
by you. He does not need your validation
to feel worthy. He wants it. Yes. But
there is a massive difference between a
guy who needs it and who wants it. He
knows how to set boundaries in a soft
and kind but still strict and clear way.
And why this is so important is because
a man who would always give up his
boundaries, who would always say what
you want to hear, this is a man who is
not secure in himself. He is afraid to
show up as himself. This only will build
up resentment and through resentment he
will either have emotional blowups or he
will start to cheat or whatever. So you
need to be very very clear about what
type of man you want. And again a high
value healthy masculine man is what we
have just talked about. Another very
important thing to know is that many
high value men are actually simply
manipulative men, but they are covering
it up as high value and many women fall
for it. When a man is imitating that
masculine energy, he might give you the
perfect picture of being that high value
masculine healthy man, but deep down he
has just a wounded ego and all he wants
to do is to protect his ego. Now, how
you can spot if you are with a real
masculine man or a manipulative fake
alpha man is for example healthy
masculine men are not loud. They are not
bragging about how masculine they are.
They are secure in silence. You will
feel grounded around them. You will feel
calm around them. and they are having
that aura of kind of being present,
being strong and being still quiet.
Another way to know is if he is
emotionally available or emotionally
unavailable. A very simple and very
clear sign to know if a man is really
healthy masculine. A healthy masculine
man can deal with emotions. He can deal
with your emotions and he can deal with
his own emotions. He doesn't need to
blow up when he's emotional because he
knows how to regulate himself when he's
emotional. That's why he also knows how
to give you space when you are
emotional. If this is a guy that is
emotionally unavailable, he doesn't know
how to express his own emotions. And
when you are emotional, and with being
emotional, I mean the more uncomfortable
emotions, being sad, being angry, being
frustrated. He doesn't know how to deal
with that. He runs away. He is blowing
up. He is trying to shut it down, giving
you solutions why you shouldn't feel
that way, and so on. A healthy masculine
high value man knows how to give you
space in that moment and he knows also
that you are able to regulate yourself.
He would ask, "Hey babe, what do you
need right now? Do you need space? I
will give you space. If you need
anything, let me know and I will be here
for you." Another thing I want to talk
about is love bombing. I feel like there
is such a big almost conspiracy
about a man who is gifting is a high
value man. Yes, I do believe that a
giver man, a man who has a giving
mindset, that is part of him being a
high value man. But you have to be so
careful of men lovebombing you. Love
bombing has nothing to do with true
love. Love bombing also comes from fear
and is a strategy that men use in order
to fast drug your attachment towards him
because he is afraid once his true
picture shows up. Once the real version
of him shows up, you would not like him.
So he is trying to trap you with this
attachment through lovebombing. And I
want to talk about the wizard Liz and
her I guess fiance London as this is a
very current topic and it fits perfectly
to what I'm trying to explain to you
here. So Liz was getting to know this
guy not even a year ago. They met for
the first time. And keep in mind I am
only talking about what I know from my
perspective from what was being shared
on social media. But I am very intuitive
and unfortunately I have been more often
than I wish I would have through many
manipulative relationships. I have met
guys who were lovebombing me. So, I know
how it looks like and I know how it
feels like and I truly feel so sorry for
Liz. I truly feel the pain in my heart
for her. But I think that's why it's so
so important to mention what has
happened with her and London and to
bring it into attention here so it
wouldn't happen to you and you can be
more aware of guys who are love bombing.
The thing with Liz and London, everyone
thoughts that London is that perfect
high value man that is healthy, that is
masculine, that is provider, that is
everything, right? But what I noticed
from the beginning, I had such a weird
feeling because it felt off to me. It
felt off that they met and within only a
few weeks they got engaged. Then he
bought her a Birkin bag, an super
expensive watch, another Birkin bag.
Then she gave up her apartment. They
moved together to another country. They
got an apartment together in Dallas
where he is from. They moved together to
Switzerland and everything just went so
quickly. Like just being with them on
that journey on social media. I felt
like I was being on a highway of
relationship that was going way too
quick. Like way too quick. A healthy
masculine man, he knows that he wants
you from the first day probably, but he
would never rush into things. If a guy
is rushing like this and giving you
everything you have ever wanted,
everything you have imagined of just a
couple of weeks or months, you know this
guy is lovebombing you. He is trying to
sell you a picture of him and make you
attached to that picture of him before
it's too late. Then she also got
pregnant very early and all together now
it turned out she caught him texting
wanting to meet up with another girl.
But the point here is that I believe
London is not very confident in himself.
He seems like a very insecure feminine
man and he was trying to keep her
trapped to get her attached to him as
quickly as possible before anything can
show up of his true self. Like his true
self, I'm not saying he's a bad guy. I'm
not saying he
is a narcissist. He might is, but I'm
not giving him now any labels. But he's
very insecure and he needs validation
from women. So Liz is a very strong
personality, a very strong woman. And in
order to lead a woman like Liz, you need
to be a very masculine man. You need to
be healthy because she's also smart. You
need to be high value and successful
because she's also successful. So, you
need to have already so much and bring
so much to the table in order to add
value to Liz's life, right? And what I
do believe is that London didn't really
have the capacity of what she truly
needs. He had the capacity of money. He
probably has way more money than she
does, but nothing above that. And he
knew that from the very beginning. So he
knew the only way to get her attached is
to spoil her with all the gifts with
everything. Now while that process he
probably did not say many things that
were not okay for him where he didn't
feel comfortable where he felt hurt by
things she did or said and through that
he was building up resentment and then
he needed validation from outside to
release that resentment which is
absolutely wrong and he probably thought
that she is anyway who is now trapped
with him because they are engaged or
married and she's also pregnant from
him. But I do believe also that he was
not aware of how strong she actually is
and how quickly she can set her
boundaries and say like listen this was
too much. I don't know who you truly
are. And even though she is now truly
heartbroken, she knows that she cannot
be with a guy like that. And here also I
want to mention quickly how important it
is to actually be financially stable.
Imagine you would be in that position
and you would not be as financially
stable as she is. Like if it was me and
all my things are in his apartment in
the US, I am somewhere else and I would
probably be so scared of how could I
ever take care of myself and then also
of the child. It's something I wish no
woman will ever or have ever to be in
because that's horrible. That's that's
horrible. I want that every woman is in
a position that no matter what happens,
you can take care of yourself. You can
say no to things that are not okay for
you. Like you don't have to accept
someone that is chatting with another
girl and saying that the relationship is
fake and wanting to hook up with another
girl. You don't have to stay with a man
like this. You don't have to stay with a
man who is shouting at you. You don't
have to stay with a man who simply
cannot give you a healthy container
where you can express yourself and your
emotions. You don't have to. And I wish
like I I really I pray that every woman
has the opportunity to say no to this
kind of man to say no and to find a way
to take care of herself in these very
difficult situations. Now, I do believe
that London has qualities of a high
value man, but he's also a bit
manipulative. He's also more the nice
guy instead of the healthy masculine
guy. And he is also a very feminine and
not a truly masculine guy. And I want to
talk about the nice guy versus the high
value man. Because the nice guy, which I
do believe is London, is that type of
guy who doesn't know how to set
boundaries. Nice guys, they look and
seem to be amazing. And that's why I do
also believe nice guys are the craziest
manipulators even though they might not
know about it. But nice guys are
actually very egoistic guys because they
are trying everything possible to
protect their egos and they disguise it
as hey I'm just being nice to you. I'm
just showing you how much I love you.
I'm just giving you everything. How dare
you to set the boundary. I'm buying you
a Birkin bag. I'm buying you this. I'm
I'm paying all these bills. How dare you
setting a boundary and saying you want
to have time by yourself? How dare you?
Those are nice guys. They are like
volcanoes and you never know when they
explode. And with explosion, I mean
emotional explosion, running away,
cheating, and so on. So again, a nice
guy does everything possible to get your
approval. He crosses his own boundaries.
He avoids conflict at all costs. He
suppresses his emotions and his desires
in order to be liked and he thinks being
agreeable makes him a good man. And
guess what? Over time, he builds up
resentment because he keeps neglecting
himself. That resentment turns either
into emotional withdrawal or
explosion or cheating or running away or
anything unexpected. Why? Because he
doesn't have the confidence to express
his truth. He does not have the
emotional maturity to regulate his own
emotions, his lust or his boundaries.
And in contrast, a truly high value man
tells the truth even if it disappoints
you because he knows ultimately he's
doing it for you too. He knows how to
express his emotions, how to express his
boundaries without hurting you, without
making you feel like you're not
important. He doesn't abandon himself to
please you. And he knows that his
self-respect is part of deep intimacy.
And he knows also that emotions are part
of deep intimacy. And if he
keeps running away from that part, you
will have a relationship that is
superficial. And a superficial
relationship is not for the future. He
is literally your rock when you're
emotional. and he also knows how to
lead. Everything he does is to protect
the relationship. He's also making
decisions that include you, but he is
not reliant on you. His decisions do not
rely on what you say, what you think,
what you feel. He would listen to your
advice. But then he goes back to himself
and he says okay this part of her advice
is very valuable for me. I take it for
me and that's how I form my decision.
Now I hope you know what a true healthy
masculine high value man is and what you
have to be aware of. Now the question of
the questions how do you truly attract
those type of men? First of all, be open
but not available to everyone.
Obviously, you have to be receptive in
order to receive like you cannot receive
an invitation. You cannot receive
someone talking to you. When you are
closed off, you have to be in a
receptive energy which starts with your
body language. As we talked in my last
video, have an open and receptive body
language and also go out. When you keep
sitting at home every day all day long,
the chances are very small that you will
meet someone, right? The chances are
very very small
that someone will knock on your door by
accident choosing the wrong door and
wanting to talk to you, wanting to
invite you for dinner. That's not how
it's going to happen. So, put yourself
out there, but know to who you are
available to like when someone is
talking to you. You can be receptive and
appreciate the small talk, appreciate
that initiative. But if you notice this
is not a true high value masculine
healthy man, you need to stop this
conversation, step back and say was
great talking to you and continue with
your day. Because if you keep being
available to everyone, even men that are
not high value, then you only have so
much time available, such a small window
available where actually the high value
men can come in. That's why it's so
important to know what to look out for
when you want to attract high value men.
The second thing you can do, you have to
do is to truly embody your feminine
energy, your feminine power. If you are
in your masculine energy, in hustle
mode, in constantly working, in being
strong, in being hyper independent, and
not letting anyone help you, you are
attracting men who are feminine. You
cannot attract a masculine man because
they don't like that. Like they are not
looking for a woman that is too
masculine. They need contrast. And a
very masculine, a healthy masculine man
is not looking for a woman that is
competing with him. He's looking for
that contrast in his daily. Right. Next
thing, get clear on what you tolerate.
Because every time you say yes to bare
minimum, every time you say yes to
unhealthy masculine men, to manipulative
men, to someone who doesn't treat you
right, to a feminine man, to a nice guy,
you are also saying no to what you truly
deserve. Every time you say yes to
chocolate cake, you say also no to a
healthy salad, right? And you always
have to keep that in mind. Every time I
say yes to one thing, I also say no to
another thing. Every time you say no to
one thing, you also say yes to another
thing, even if it's not there yet. If
you're walking down the street and there
is first one restaurant that only sells
sweets and junk food and a bit further
there would be a restaurant that sells
healthy salads that truly nurture you.
But you're saying already yes to that
first place. You would never get as far
to know even that there is right around
the corner another place that truly can
nurture you that can give you what your
body truly needs. But if you say no to
that junk food place and you keep
walking and keep your eye open then
eventually you will reach to that place
where you get healthy salads where you
get that food that nurtures you. The
next thing is stop chasing and
convincing. Healthy, masculine, high
value men fall for women who inspire
them to be more soft, be more authentic,
be more in the moment sometimes and not
for women who audition for them. When
you are starting to chase a man or
trying to convince a man of your worth,
you already gave up on your worth. You
already threw yourself to the trash
because you said, "Hey, I see that you
don't see my worth. Let me make myself
smaller. Let me go down to your level in
order to make you see me." And that's a
nogo. Never ever chase a man. Never ever
convince a man of your worth. If he
doesn't see it, he's not for you. The
next and last thing in order to attract
a healthy masculine man is to heal your
own inner masculine. I talked about this
in one of my last videos as well. It's
so important to have your own inner
masculine container. You don't want to
be dependent relying on a man fully. And
a true healthy masculine high-v valueue
man doesn't want to have a woman relying
on him fully because he knows a woman
that is relying on him fully is also too
attached. There is no room for them to
be two individuals because she is losing
herself in this relationship in order to
prove in order to convince him in order
to be enough for him.
So you don't want to be fully reliant on
a man. Only wounded men who are either
insecure or feminine or the nice guys.
Those type of men are looking for women
who are fully relying on them because
they know once they are trapped they are
trapped. Like once you are with those
guys and you're not able to take care of
yourself, you are almost trapped. And
again, I'm not saying those are bad
guys, but those are not good guys to be
in a relationship with, and those are
definitely not high value, healthy,
masculine men. Always keep in mind, you
are not asking for too much. You're
simply entertaining men who can offer
too little. There is only so much you
can actually do, but there is so much
you can stop tolerating. You have to
know what you want. You have to know
what's okay, what's not okay. You have
to truly know what you're looking for
and what you won't tolerate in order to
be able to attract the right kind of men
because you can never ever attract the
right men if you keep entertaining the
wrong men. Anyways guys, thank you so
much for watching. I hope this could
help and I hope you are attracting your
healthy, masculine, high value men very
soon. I love you so, so much and see you
in my next video. Bye-bye.